Update docs on docker deployment (#3326)
mirumee/saleor: docs/deployment/docker.rst

.. code-block:: bash

 $ docker build -t mystorefront .

> Then you can run saleor container with the minimal settings:

Reviewer: Let's capitalize the word "Saleor" in this sentence 😉

Author: Thanks!

> Then you can run saleor container with the minimal settings:

Reviewer 2: Sounds like we are missing a word at the end of this sentence. Also, `minimal` sounds out of context, maybe we could come up with a better synonym?
```suggestion
Then you can run saleor container with the following fundamental settings:
```

Fundamental or basic?

Reviewer: I think just "[...] the following settings [...]" sounds good.

.. code-block:: bash

 $ docker run -e SECRET_KEY=<SECRET_KEY> -e DATABASE_URL=<DATABASE_URL> -p 8000:8000 saleor

> For more environment variable settings, please refer to `Configuration <https://docs.getsaleor.com/en/latest/gettingstarted/configuration.html>`_

Reviewer 2: You should use a `:ref:...` here instead of a hard-coded link.

Also, wouldn't it sound better by swapping the sentence? Like this:
```suggestion
Please refer to the `configuration guide <https://docs.getsaleor.com/en/latest/gettingstarted/configuration.html>`_ for more environment variables.
```

Author: Thanks! The hard-coded link doesn't feel right and I just forget ```:ref:``` can be used here.
